Add code review docs to separate mv/edit commits (#675)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/development/code-review/_index.en.md

of a change in the git history for future developers. See this [example of good "why" in a commit
message](https://github.com/submariner-io/submariner-operator/commit/a85aaae0c223f831a9288a2dc15cb469f387209e).

### Rename and edit in separate commits

> When submitting a PR that modifies the contents of a file and also renames/moves it (`git mv`), do the rename/move in a distinct commit from
> the edits. This makes the git history and GitHub diffs more clear.

Reviewer: The move commit should still build:

```suggestion
When submitting a PR that modifies the contents of a file and also renames/moves it (`git mv`),
use separate commits for the rename/move (with any required supporting changes so that the commit still builds) on the one hand,
and the modifications on the other hand.
This makes the git history and GitHub diffs more clear.
```
